equal to boys and girls I am robe and here
I'm back with all of you and
welcome to a new video of gta 5
online we are in a new
career that I'm seeing I'm here with
subscribers that I'm seeing that is
behind the control point is not
here in front but I do not know exactly
now it's down there's more boy worth
Now once this point is taken, stop
go from happy to leave behind
Balear here here and here around here
It's worth flash already is already worth it
over here scott and I say in the points
basically worth this one is
more relative is here because the
next one is worth jumping or that
now it must be as below
they are like false those gossip to my son
perfect
worth is worth the important thing to catch
good point I'm here with subscribers
ok so normally these things that
rebuilders the only announce to
through twitter
What happens to you when you leave quietly?
It's not good to see the next attempt
next attempt is complicated we are
all on the same ramp to work
to see how the thing is going
so straight with meter read my game well there
that to catch the if not you can not see
see to see there is
well let it perfect -non
it's wrong if not why
problematic agents was proved
simply
voucher voucher voucher
yes it's worth
but man no longer
well at the end we are all here together
I was doing very well because I had put
according to I was going to chabat
boy had already put second in a
moment even first it came to go
and of course this would have to be without
contact which I think it says
the activity itself
this is one way lane
this is over booking in the the in it
one already happened it seems to me because I am
watching on the radar
to see why you put them so little for a
little to either in the perfect center
but if it's not perfect to see if it was
nobody is doing it well we can pass
well next perfect point removes uncle
I thought that against that you gave yourself for that
I was walking with a little bit of care
forever
and I do not see anything about us is just as
perfect perfect perfect that has gone
well and they see you on the site but good
come on this is missing people we pass already
because simple when it happened me so much
others and meanwhile not
over here because I see lessons to
everyone
lack of the very long cartonera the
true in terms of mileage and that
but well let's see if because I do not
understood absolutely nothing and others by
here
because that happened
why as now
boy is not lucky once I
I have done very badly
there goes boy there goes that what there is that
to do is turn around a bit and because you do not
I'll stay in the hole
there go people good people still by
the jump as I'm seeing if there are people
in the jump and this I'm going to do it
when it's like that, looking at me a little
good at the end here that happens here that
there are here at the bottom are all here all
the glued here in the background to see
to see to see tell me there is a ramp is
a twig that happens to you happens to you
do what you just did
basically to the logically neither of coña
I see how I'm going right now or
coña vale the thing is that I have vehicles
without customization
and maybe it's here
for the bad
I do not know I do not know if this is going to be able
I do not know if this will be able to get to
watch
today almost if I had not if I had been
a little more to the other side what
it was itching to the left
come you can get caught you can get caught
because I also believe that there is one who has
caught it has already happened is the jump
jump - a good one is coming already
but good so I see this can be
to catch even if it seemed like the best
do not
to see to see to see if here is that
good was good was good
I caught good catches miss it
that
pity that you can second insist
because just before catching what
I have here one this is the fifth
exploded and they almost float me and it's also worth
OK
and I love these themes
I believe that people are arriving already if
there is a jump that why
he has already loaded me
if you look there we are and how beautiful we are
we go quickly
guys you can not go through or at least
never to see it
what I want is the minimal interface
Show marker now because nothing I
let's stay here guys because the
people I do not know how much
the good thing I do not know how much he works
efe guys the truth that until the
less half I do not seem to finish the
departure and a few are missing
here seconds the perfect guys good
Well, I hope you liked it
guys how do I say this is the series of
Careers with subscribers
but that I had to participate because we
you have to add for your disk attached to
the one that only put on twitter a
little before the race is already
of the video to subscribe the goodbye guys
you know